Config file: use string for python.version (#8372)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/config-file/v2.rst

The Python version (this depends on :ref:`config-file/v2:build.image`).

> :Type: ``string``

Reviewer: We should have a note about the historic value here, at least.

Author: I have added a small note that this can be a number, but isn't recommended.

The Python version (this depends on :ref:`config-file/v2:build.image`).

:Type: ``string``
:Default: ``3``

> .. note::
> 
>    Make sure to use quotes (``"``) around the value,
>    or YAML will take your value as a number
>    (``3.10`` will be transformed to ``3.1``).
>    Using numbers is valid, but not recomended.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   Make sure to use quotes (``"``) to make it a string.
   We previously supported using numbers here,
   but that approach is deprecated.
```
